we do our show here in the heart of
Hollywood home away from home for
visitors from all over the world and we
love the many foreigners who come to see
us especially the young ones who are
backpacking through the state on a
budget sometimes they stay at a youth
hostel just down the street it's called
the walk of fame backpackers hostel beds
there go for roughly $40 a night you
share a room you share a bathroom you
share a shower you share your hopes your
dreams maybe even an STD who knows what
you might share until every now and then
we'd like to give a pair of really odd
young people who are staying at the
hostel a chance to compete for a free
upgrade to a luxurious Hollywood hotel
suite and with that said it's time to
play hostel love Easter
well cousin Sal laughing and Jimmy shall
remind me why are you dressed like that
again I'll just shut up and read that
those pants are at least four inches too
long right 79 count each leg it's eight
Oh Martha well let's meet our players
and well let's start with the young lady
here I see your name is Andrea is your
name Andrea or Andre Oh Andrea
Andre where are you from Andre you're
from Denmark oh how nice and you're here
on vacation
yes exactly spontaneous vacation well
spontaneous been vacation from Denmark
yeah are you by yourself
I am wow that's very bold I would never
ever do anything like that when I was
your age or now for that matter how old
are you who's 27 27 and would you work
back there in Denmark I'm actually put
my job like two weeks ago
oh I've decided to go on vacation yeah
we're doing I was about to finish my
master's thesis so I had to quit and so
now I'm here okay well welcome to Los
Angeles let's meet your opponent now and
your neighbor from the hostel Aviva
hello out there
where are you from I'm from Israel oh so
when people say Tel Aviv you're like wow
yeah and what do you do for work Darren
I'm sorry I couldn't hear you will you
repeat that I build websites you build
websites oh very good anything we might
know not that you'd know nothing that I
would know okay all right look at that
young punk with the phone right behind
you hey kid what's going on yeah like a
Norman Rockwell painting came to life
all right so guys this is what you're
playing for you're playing for a luxury
suite at the one and only Hollywood
Roosevelt Hotel and even conditioner for
your hair no wind all you need to do is
no more than your opponent does about
the place you're visiting Southern
California you do know you're in
Southern California right yeah
okay I'm gonna ask you questions about
our city our state whoever answers more
of them correctly gets the room are you
ready to play yeah and let's play hasta
LaVista the first question
LACMA and mocha are both what LACMA and
mocha of eating dogs of someone what
name of dogs of someone oh let's let's
deconstruct that sentence did you say
Nate names of yeah no we're not name of
dogs of someone although that could be a
game show on its own are you ready to
play name of dogs of someone Andrea
what is the what is LACMA what is mocha
like mocha coffee no they are museums
they're art museums specifically our
great art museums that you should visit
while you're here your next question is
this Southern California baseball team
was featured in the movie angels in the
outfield what team was featured in the
movie angels in the outfield IV Dodgers
Oh God I don't know any of anything else
it's a tough one you want to just take a
guess what thank you not the Yankees no
[Applause]
husband say I'll tell them the answer is
it the Angels yes all right but if this
still no score
finish this LL Cool J song title I'm
going back to blank I'm going back to
mine Andrea I'm going back to my home
pally pally is the answer we're looking
for as in California yep all right
here's another song what is the title of
Randy Newman's 1983 hit about his love
for LA that is right
[Applause]
how did you know that one um I just
there was this episode on element Beale
where they went to LA ah you went deep
into Ally McBeal alright another
television related question what is the
name of the NCIS franchise set in Los
Angeles we need an answer anyone oh the
answer is NCIS LA maybe they should both
sleep on the street tonight hopefully
this will be an easier one who hosted
the Oscars this year uh who rang in
there Aviv was that James Corden no it
was not changed Gordon
[Applause]
yes oh yes
you are the winner bellhops l will take
your luggage for you and don't worry to
be Eve you're not going back to the
hostel empty-handed for you we've got
noise canceling headphones for thank you
hand sanitizer and a teddy bear to rock
you to sleep tonight congratulations on
making it to the end of the YouTube
video why not celebrate by clicking the
subscribe button you earned it